[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: There are a couple of things
that I wanted to talk about before we
start covering, during test coverage or
transpiling our tests.
One thing is, just as kind of a pro tip,
as you're working through these solutions,
if things aren't quite working for
you and you're not sure why,
then this is something fancy you can
do with git to figure out what's wrong.
So I'm still on the previous branch, and
I've done a little bit of work, but it's
not working for me, and I'm not sure why.
So I'm gonna say git diff, and I'm gonna
provide the name of the next branch,
7.0-transpile-source, so this is the one
that actually has the solution, and
that will show me what's different between
what I have right now and the next branch.
And so I see that I haven't
set up my ESLint stuff yet,
that's not really important
to what I'm doing right now.
There's something in
the git-ignore I need to do.
And then there's something in
the package.json that's different,
it looks like I have a typo here.
And so I actually use a really
cool thing called diff-so-fancy
that does this cool highlighting thing for
me.
You should look that up, it's awesome.
But yeah, you'll at least be able to see
that there's a difference between these
two lines and figure out what that is.
And then I haven't done any
ES6 in that index file.
So it's git diff and then the name
of the next branch will give you
the difference between what work you've
done and what work you have yet to do, and
potentially the difference between
actually having the right solution or not.
So let's all check out force
07.0-transpile-source.
Yeah, and sorry, one other thing before
we get to transpiling the source, or
transpiling the test.
So this dist directory has been
added to the gitignore, so I'm
not going to talk too much about this, but
I do want to reference you to a blog post.
Let's see, generated.
So at kcd.im/generated,
if somebody could put that in the chat,
that would be awesome.
But this explains why it's a really
bad idea to commit generated files
to your repository,
[COUGH] at least in open source projects.
There are use cases for doing this, but in
open source projects, it's a bad idea, so
don't do it, that's why we have
that git ignore, so check that out.
Yeah, great and maybe we'll have a little
bit of time at the end I can talk about
a couple of these things that
I'm kind of breezing over.
Great, so now if we run our tests,
we're going to see an error here.
It looks like nyc has no idea what's
going on with life right now and,
yeah, this area is not at all helpful.
You go up to the very top and
then you get Unexpected token import.
So our tests don't know what import is,
node doesn't have any
idea what import is yet.
Soon, hopefully, but for now we're gonna
have to do something with our tests.
And, like what was suggested earlier,
we could run our tests on
the transpiled code, but
there are a couple of drawbacks to that.
One is, well, probably the biggest one for
me is the code coverage report.
So If we look at our dist,
we have some code in here
that's generated by Webpack, or
sorry, I'm still in yesterday.
It's generated by Babel.
And we would have to do some fancy
things to make sure that we have
coverage on these lines of code.
And honestly, I don't really care about
getting coverage on these lines of code
because Babel has done that already.
You don't test the dependencies
of your library or
the tools that you're using,
you test just the stuff that you have.
And so that's part of the reason why
we're just gonna test our source code.
And so we need to be able to transpile
our test code and our source code,
and we're gonna do that on the fly
using something called Babel Register.
How many people have heard
of Babel Register before?
Any from online coming in in a little bit?
[COUGH] I imagine some people
have heard of Babel Register.
Basically what Babel Register is is like,
you can do some pretty fancy things
with the require statement in node.
You can hijack it.
And so,
anytime somebody calls require through,
yeah, see there's Mathew,
he's heard of Babel Register before.
So, when somebody says, okay, require
this file, then you can say, not so fast.
Let me do something first and
then I'll give you back
the module that you're requiring.
So the cool thing about that is with Babel
Register, it hijacks the require function
and before it gives you the module
back it will transpile it.
So it does it on the fly.
This is not all performant.
You'd never wanna do this in production,
unless it's a teeny tiny app for
your spouse or something,
that would probably be fine.
But, yeah, it's great for
tests because it's not so
terribly bad with performance that
it's something you can really notice.
Now [COUGH] there are a couple of ways for
us to do this,
but Mocha has kind of a built in way for
us to transpile our stuff on
the fly using Babel Register.
And so that's, actually sorry, no we're
not going to use Mocha's built in way,
we're gonna use something from nyc.
Sorry, I got confused with
the way that things used to be.
Things change fast with JavaScript.
So Babel Register is one thing that we're
going to use, [COUGH] and that's so
that we can transpile our source code.
But we're also concerned about
doing code coverage, and
because nyc can't cover our source code,
yeah,
can't cover our source code because it's
in ES6, we're gonna use a Babel plugin
to instrument our code for code coverage,
so we're going to install Babel plugin.
And we'll get to that point, and
then we'll deal with some of
the problems once we get there.